Intro
The Microsoft Azure team approached Indigo Slate in need of a solution to communicate more directly with their customers. They wanted a way for a sales person to be able to create a unique site for a customer and then track how that experience is being used.


The solution
  I was proud to deliver an application that was built for sales persons to deliver curated sites to potential customers.

  The sales person could not only create the curated sites, but also had access to an administrative dashboard where each site's usage analytics could be monitored.

  The customer received access to the portals, with a filterable grid that allows them to explore content that shows off features, benefits and how other companies are utilizing Azure.



Making it easy to learn
<p class="large">In addition to the web application, a printed and bound 25 page user manual was provided.</p>
<p class="large">This booklet provided the sales person with documentation, as well as marketing material for client presentations.</p>

  View samples of booklet >


Built for the customer
Customers received a dynamic experience that was full of informative material in video, print, and interactive formats.
The design of the dashboard was a collapsable grid with filters, providing quick access to the site content sections.


Built for the associate
  Sales associates had access to a fully interactive dashboard with widgets displaying live analytics, site engagement numbers, and user journey logs.

  The dashboard also hosted the tool that associates would use to build the custom sites, selecting from a database full of content.






Associate:
  Site status monitoring
  Lists of all sites that an associate had created, each of which could be cloned, destroyed, paused, and modified.

  User Analytics
  Interactive dashboard where associates could see engagement scores, performance logs, site visits, and user journey completion rates


Customer:
  Portal Dashboard
  An interactive home screen laid out in a filterable grid that provided quick access to educational material, case studies, and feature demonstrations.

  Educational material
  A resource hub where customers could learn about Microsoft Azure basics through downloadable video material and informative documentation.

  Mobile designs
  The portal was designed to provide a consistent experience that provided the same content across all devices.

  Case studies
  Each portal delivered specific case studies catered towards the given customer.

  Tutorials
  Informative video series that guided users through different features of the Azure dashboard.



Book:
  Administrative documentation
  Section that provides a summary and description of each administrative feature of the application.

  Application overview
  Explanation of the tool's benefits, and how to work with customers to deliver the ideal user experience.

  Customer dashboard documentation
  Section that explains what the user's experience will be, and how they can interact with the dashboard.
